(upbeat rock music)
♪ Load up on guns, bring your friends ♪
♪ It's fun to lose and to pretend ♪
♪ She's over-bored and self-assured ♪
♪ Oh no, I know a dirty word ♪
♪ Hello, hello, hello, how low ♪
♪ Hello, hello, hello ♪
♪ With the lights out,
it's less dangerous ♪
♪ Here we are now, entertain us ♪
♪ I feel stupid and contagious ♪
♪ A mulatto, an albino ♪
♪ A mosquito, my libido, yeah ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I'm worse at what I do best ♪
♪ And for this gift I feel blessed ♪
♪ Our little group has always been ♪
♪ And always will until the end ♪
♪ Hello, hello, hello, how low ♪
♪ Hello, hello, hello ♪
♪ With the lights out,
it's less dangerous ♪
♪ Here we are now, entertain us ♪
♪ I feel stupid and contagious ♪
♪ A mulatto, an albino ♪
♪ A mosquito, my libido, yeah ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
(playful guitar)
♪ And I forget just why I taste ♪
♪ Oh yeah, I guess it makes me smile ♪
♪ I found it hard, it's hard to find ♪
♪ Oh well, whatever, never mind ♪
♪ Hello, hello, hello, how low ♪
♪ Hello, hello, hello ♪
♪ With the lights out,
it's less dangerous ♪
♪ Here we are now, entertain us ♪
♪ I feel stupid and contagious ♪
♪ A mulatto, an albino ♪
♪ A mosquito, my libido ♪
♪ A denial, a denial ♪
♪ A denial ♪